The Joe Rogan experience.
Is there a struggle to find time like to manage the time between work
and family relationships?
Not after that accident? No.
I know that I an accident accident was the,
the best eye opening experience ever. You know what I mean? It it's,
I was married to my career, dating my family,
right? Like, um, um, I'm all about this work and all about this hustle.
Granted, there's nothing wrong with that. It's a good thing.
But after a certain point,
you gotta prioritize accordingly. When you,
when you get to a certain point where the decisions that can be made are a
little more controlled and you have the ability to maneuver differently because
of the success that you've obtained. Make those adjustments.
I didn't make those adjustments. I was still hustle, hustle, hustle. Great,
great dad. Um, we're doing stuff. I'm home. I'm getting back home,
but my in and outs three days and I'm out two days,
three days, I'm out. I gotta go film the movie.
Y'all come down for the weekends. All right. I see you guys. We'll eat dinner.
We'll do stuff and it's great. Crammed it all in our y'all got to go.
I'm working and it's not bad, but now,
all right, I'll film a movie after I'm done filming a movie while I got,
I need to take 30 days off. I need to take 40 days off.
I shared with me in the fam now, Hey, you go tour.
It was just bow year and a half. We out four days out of the week,
I'm out year and a half. I got to get it.
Well now let's go a month and a half. I stopped for three weeks.
I'm with the fam. So I still have my three days a week that I was here,
but then I'm gonna stop for three weeks. This dedicated to FaceTime.
Don't nobody do anything with me or talk to me. I'm um,
I'm home now, my office,
I was in that office when we open office open at
nine I'm there eight, you know,
there's a chance that I may be in that office till six.
Now, yo, no matter what guys that day in the office has to end at like three,
I gotta be home for dinner. I got dinner with the fam.
My priorities have changed,
but it brings me back to the decisions that you're now
able to make based off of life's
circumstances, life's lessons.
So because of all of the that I went through,
because of the things that I now got to see because of that hospital room and
those four walls and me seeing my family and what that love did for me and to
me, well, I'll be damned if I look past that,
I'll be damned if I not do what I'm supposed to do.
And give that the same amount of attention in return.
When are you going to do your thing with norm? Again, you're gonna S gonna.
Start. So we, uh, we've been planning for a while now,
so now we're just going to, um, we just need to put all the,
the nuts and bolts into place and then get a, get a studio,
get a camera and just do it, but you're going to be the first guest I'm in.
All right, good. So just tell me when, so I can, I can plan ahead.
Uh, we're shooting the first one in the fall. So.
Let you know, you gotta plan it out. You're gonna map it out in advance. Nice.
I can't wait. And we're still, yeah.
I mean, listen, I love norm to pieces.
He's one of my all time favorite human beings that have ever lived.
I have a great story about norm, me and him on a plane and randomly,
this is a crazy, but true randomly twice. I sat next to him on planes.
Just random. Uh, wow. Yeah, totally randomly. Like what's up norm.
What's up normally crazy. This is happening again.
And both times it was a blast, but uh, one time we're,
we're flying back and he's like, yeah, I used to smoke and uh,
had to give it up. It's terrible for you. But I, sometimes I miss it,
but glad I quit. I'm like how long, you know, how long has it been?
He's telling me all these months, he stopped smoking this net.
We're talking as soon as they land, he walks right into the store,
buys a carton of cigarettes and he's opening this cigarette.
He's a lighting it before he gets out the door and I go, what are you doing?
He goes, oh, that talk about smoke. And I had to have one.
And the flight from, from, I forgot where we were two times, both times,
or just like the best flights,
like just like having an audience of one next to one of the greatest comics ever
and just be like.
Talk. Yeah. He's probably, you know, he's,
he's probably like in my top three favorite standup comics of all time. And, uh,
he's a great guy. He's.
A great, great.
Guy. The two greatest people, uh, in my life in,
in comedy have been Norman spade. They've just been so good to me.
And I love them both. And they're both equally hilarious in different ways,
but norm I'll never forget how quick he was.
And goody was hosting that podcast.
We had Larry King on one time and Larry was like, uh, no, I'm,
I don't think they're going to give you a show. Like, you know, the way,
cause he was just outlandish saying the most crazy to Larry King.
And Larry is like, you know what? Norm?
He's like 50 years in the radio business. Uh,
the one thing I learned is I never, I rarely talk. I always listen.
And that's why I always learned from the guests because I'm always listening
nervous. Can I interrupt you there?
So I can't wait to, uh, I can't wait to come back with this podcast.
Norm is the hidden king of the internet. If he decided to have a podcast,
it would be the biggest podcast of all time. If he just did a regular basis.
I know we just need to get motivated.
And he's buck wild dude.
And he's always been always there's whatever the filter that it doesn't even
screw in his head. Like there's not, there's no filter.
There was never a place for it.
Is the Charles Manson a comedy. I know he loves Manson. Does he really?
We're going to, we'll.
Definitely get O'Neil along no way. He's a Manson fiend.
How much does he know about the case? I think he knows.
I I'm sure he's read the books. He's read that book. That chaos book. Okay.
Yeah. Good. I need to talk to him about it. Yeah.
The, the best fighters in the world can always match a good match,
but it's the first one that makes a mistake is the one who loses.
That's where it and momentum is so important in sports.
Momentum is everything I snowball. Once it starts to build,
it's so hard to recover and turn that around in high competition.
It's a mental thing,
but when you can control things and control and control and then find one
mistake, and then you build on that mistake, you're like a wave.
You slowly get a little bigger and you still get a little bigger.
And now you start to capitalize because once they make a mistake,
that pattern is starting to create.
And then once you get someone to make a mistake after mistake after mistake,
that's when you crumble on them.
And I feel like that's what he's done really well to three fights.
Prior to that, he was just the capital able to capitalize on the big mistake.
But credit to Tony, Tony is one of the most gangster dudes in this sport.
And for him to go through the damage that he did it continue to walk forward
is something unique. Incredible. It is one of the coolest things to experience,
uh, uh, as a coach to sit there and watch his mental not change. Even when he,
cause I was calling for the ref to stop the fight it about halfway through the
fifth round. And when he got hit with that last jab and shook his head,
I don't think it was a point like, oh, I don't want to go on no more.
I don't know if it was the orbital. Cause I know he had an orbital issue,
but there was something going on where his body is telling them not to do it.
But his mental is like, nah, don't stop. Keep going.
Can they still kick it and punch it. Even with the big old gash on his,
his shin from the check, he was still kicking.
Hip flinched. He never flinched. She was getting cracked and.
He'd get knocked backwards.
And then he would go from backwards or right back to forward as it was,
it was super unique to watch. But again, it was,
it was great to see someone who can listen and understand,
uh, that if you stay in control yourself,
that's the key to everything in this world. You,
if you listen to anything else on the outside and you start to adapt to other
things, you'd never going to live the way you want to live. And to be a fighter,
you have to be in control yourself all the time.
I always say the best fighters are the best actors.
The ones that can trick yourself,
fake it till you make it till you get to the championship and you have to live
that way. You have to obsess, never be in broken. And even if you break,
except it in an honest, the next don't deal with it. Oh man,
I had such a bad day.
This is one of my biggest pet peeves that I hate is hearing someone, oh man.
Today was a day. And I was like, yeah, there's going to be many more city days,
but accepted. Yeah.
Zero. Good to sit around and talk about days.
I have fighters say, man, you always say, and just positive.
You're always just like, and I'm like, hell yeah,
you got to love every part of it. What.
Where did you store everything? Well, it was a new.
Initially. I didn't, to be honest, I didn't expect to see a Wolverine.
I never have. And I just wasn't something on my consciousness.
And so when I got the moose, I put all the meat up on the, I built and thought,
man, if a bear comes, it'll be great. I'll have a chance at a bear. You know,
I'll wake up at night and kind of be like a bait pile basically. Yeah. Yeah.
And so I was maybe expecting a bear to come,
but I went to sleep the first night I got the moose and woke up and came out and
there were just tracks everywhere. Somehow I hadn't woken up,
but Wolverine's a lot slyer animal.
And he had come and pulled out all the kidney fat, you know,
I had like a jug of kidney fat.
I was just like, no. And all your family hauled.
Off a full gallon jug packed with kidney fat.
I had other fat, but that was like, you know, weeks of fat, there was no,
it was, it was rough. And so then he was pretty excited.
I'm sure that Wolverine just kept coming back every day. I figured,
I don't know if they're like, I figured they were nocturnal,
but they sure enough I'd be like out there scraping my moose hide in the middle
of the day and come running up and like try to grab some meat and run off.
And I was like, holy smokes. This thing's bold.
Is this a photo of him? Yeah. That's.
The one that's at my shelter. There are that's up in the show.
There he is sneaking around the uh,
but no. Yeah. So he stole 35,000 calories, which is gold up there.
So.
You got some series gear on you're wearing KU you. Yeah.
Real, real gear. Yeah. You're not, not naked and afraid. Fortunately.
Oh that's that's serious. Uh, hunting gear. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And there's,
you're, you're a pillar of dope. Is that when you off the moose fat? Yeah.
Moose fat contains roughly 35,000 calories. Wow. Gone God,
a little Marine. You shouldn't get that in the little tent with you.
Yeah, I really should have. I thought I would hear a bear coming,
but I didn't think Wolverine then the, uh, anyway,
he kept coming every day and I knew,
I knew it was going to be me or him kind of on that island.
There's a scary little Fox. I heard I read.
Maybe Jamie could find it,
but that at one killed a polar bear in the zoo a while ago.
Yeah. I'm not.
Shocked or OSHA's little things. Okay.
You've seen him chase off bears. Oh,
have them chasing bears off of Kilz wolves. All I was like, what the?
[inaudible] yeah. And they're so durable.
Like they get bit by bears and wolves and they just shake it off.
Cool animals for real.
Yeah, man.
It is sad. I mean, you know, we were talking about it earlier that you know,
all these businesses are going to go under like the, you know, you know,
child care and barber shops and stuff like that.
It's like gyms and they didn't do anything wrong. They didn't,
they did everything. Right. And you know.
Yeah. I know maybe in hindsight,
it's going to turn out that it was the right thing to do and that it stopped the
spread of the virus. And even though there was some flare ups here and there,
it made people more aware and the virus eventually goes away.
Maybe it's possible.
Even if it's not the right thing to do.
I think people are just doing it out of caution because we don't know what it
is.
But it's not the strategy.
There was other strategies that could be employed and they could have made
people more cognizant than protecting themselves.
It would have really greatly slowed the risk of transmission.
And I think you could have, let people stay working.
We tell people they can't work. I don't, I don't like that. You know?
And I don't like that. Not just because it's unconstitutional.
I don't like that because I don't like people telling people what to do.
And I don't like that because I don't like one person being in charge of
figuring out what's right or wrong.
And I don't know if it's one person or a hundred people,
but what's right or wrong for an entire state of 40 million people to do it.
And to make up the, the mind for them based on what based on,
just because you have voted into office, right.
That doesn't make any sense to me.
You should be dealing with like legitimate problems,
not controlling the population through some Orwellian mandate.
We just deem it that everyone has to stay home.
Then you even offer rewards for people in LA.
The mayor was offering rewards for people,
turning people in who weren't social distancing. Yeah. Yeah. That just,
that opens up a can of worms. And it's like, it's not all the wrong moves.
That's not going to help anyone that, you know, when I heard that though,
the whole thing that you can basically snitch on somebody not wearing a mask or
not doing it.
Yeah.
Yeah. You're you're setting people up to. Yeah. It's not a good thing, dude.
Did you ever see the article where it says, normally it's snitches get stitches,
but in those cases it's snitches get RA, like they're even calling it a snitch.
And it was an official thing that they released. Oh my God.
Some marketing person was like, yeah, I got the thing.
No, if it was an official thing or was the article on it,
it was in the LA times or whatever it was. And I was like, what are you saying?
This is a terrible idea.
You're encouraging people to turn people in for rewards.
Do you not understand psychology?
Like there's people that have grudges against people. There's people that are,
they don't like their neighbor. They're just going to turn each other in. Right.
You can't give people that kind of power. Right?
Give people the power to just say, hits him. He's got the Scarlet letter.
And then, then, they look up your with a microscope.
See if you've been social distancing a SUSE. I got my eye on you. Six feet,
six feet mask, hand sanitizer. Yup. Stay safe.
Stay home.
Watch your head. I'm going into a cop car. I don't know what.
The they're doing, man. They don't know what the they're doing.
No one knows what the they're doing for them to tell us what to do.
Like definitely you have to know. Maybe you should do it that way.
Maybe you should wear a mask and you should stay home. But don't,
don't tell me what to do.